README.md, before:

# LaTeX Gboard Dictionary

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/fPrdqh3Zfu" alt="Dev Pro Tips Discussion & Support Server">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/819650821314052106?color=7289DA&logo=discord&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge"/></a>
</p>

Gboard Dictionary for easily typing unicode symbols with shortcuts based on LaTeX.

Shortcuts for Gboard are supported on all Android devices. As of now, these shortcuts cannot be imported to iOS devices.

## Download

Download as a zip folder to import into Gboard

[<img alt="Download zip" title="Download zip" src="https://custom-icon-badges.herokuapp.com/badge/-Download-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=download&logoColor=white"/>][download]

[Older versions](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/LaTeX-Gboard-Dictionary/releases)

## Tutorial on Youtube

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGWikJu37WI

[<img alt="Watch on YouTube" title="Watch on YouTube" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Watch-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white"/>][tutorial]

## Support

💖 If you like this project, give it a ⭐ and share it with friends!

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCipSxT7a3rn81vGLw9lqRkg?sub_confirmation=1"><img alt="Youtube" title="Youtube" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Subscribe-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/DenverCoder1"><img alt="Sponsor with Github" title="Sponsor with Github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sponsor-ea4aaa?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

<a href="https://ko-fi.com/jlawrence">☕ Buy me a coffee</a>

[download]: https://github.com/DenverCoder1/LaTeX-Gboard-Dictionary/archive/14.0.zip
[tutorial]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGWikJu37WI

Commit message:

Added usage to the readme

README.md, after:

# LaTeX Gboard Dictionary

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://discord.gg/fPrdqh3Zfu" alt="Dev Pro Tips Discussion & Support Server">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/discord/819650821314052106?color=7289DA&logo=discord&logoColor=white&style=for-the-badge"/></a>
</p>

Gboard Dictionary for easily typing unicode symbols with shortcuts based on LaTeX.

Shortcuts for Gboard are supported on all Android devices. As of now, these shortcuts cannot be imported to iOS devices.

## Usage
It's as simple as typing \R or \sum on the keyboard and tapping the suggested symbol!

## Download

Download as a zip folder to import into Gboard

[<img alt="Download zip" title="Download zip" src="https://custom-icon-badges.herokuapp.com/badge/-Download-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=download&logoColor=white"/>][download]

[Older versions](https://github.com/DenverCoder1/LaTeX-Gboard-Dictionary/releases)

## Tutorial on Youtube

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGWikJu37WI

[<img alt="Watch on YouTube" title="Watch on YouTube" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Watch-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white"/>][tutorial]

## Support

💖 If you like this project, give it a ⭐ and share it with friends!

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCipSxT7a3rn81vGLw9lqRkg?sub_confirmation=1"><img alt="Youtube" title="Youtube" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Subscribe-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white"/></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/sponsors/DenverCoder1"><img alt="Sponsor with Github" title="Sponsor with Github" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Sponsor-ea4aaa?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white"/></a>
</p>

<a href="https://ko-fi.com/jlawrence">☕ Buy me a coffee</a>

[download]: https://github.com/DenverCoder1/LaTeX-Gboard-Dictionary/archive/14.0.zip
[tutorial]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGWikJu37WI
